README.md, before:

# Chouette2 [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/afimb/chouette2.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/afimb/chouette2) [![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/afimb/chouette2.png)](https://gemnasium.com/afimb/chouette2) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/afimb/chouette2.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/afimb/chouette2)

Chouette2 is an open source web project in Ruby/Rails to edit and view transport offer data. It is designed as an [SaaS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_as_a_service) platform and can :
* Exchange transport data
 * [Neptune](http://www.normes-donnees-tc.org/format-dechange/donnees-theoriques/neptune/),
 * [GTFS](https://developers.google.com/transit/gtfs/reference?hl=fr),
 * [NeTEx](http://www.normes-donnees-tc.org/format-dechange/donnees-theoriques/netex/)
* Edit transport data
* Be requested via a read-only [Restful API](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer)
* [Import, Export and Validate transport data asynchronously](http://github.com/afimb/chouette)
* Use a [multi-tenancy database](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multitenancy)

Release Notes
-------------

The release notes (in French) can be found in the [CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md) file

Requirements
------------

* [Import, Export and Validation Operations](https://github.com/af83/stif-boiv-iev) are in another project in Java

Install
-------

See [installation manual](./INSTALL.md)

More Information
----------------

Some technical articles are available [on the wiki](../../wiki) too.

API Documentation
-----------------

TODO

License
-------

This project is licensed under the CeCILL-B license, a copy of which can be found in the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.md) file.

Release Notes
-------------

The release notes (in French) can be found in [CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md) file

Support
-------

Users looking for support should file an issue on the GitHub [issue tracking page](../../issues), or file a [pull request](../../pulls) if you have a fix available.

Commit message:

Update README.md for chouette-core. Refs #6958

README.md, after:

# Chouette

Chouette is a Ruby/Rails & Java project to manage transport offer data. It is designed as an [SaaS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_as_a_service) platform and can :
* Exchange transport data
 * [Neptune](http://www.normes-donnees-tc.org/format-dechange/donnees-theoriques/neptune/),
 * [GTFS](https://developers.google.com/transit/gtfs/reference?hl=fr),
 * [NeTEx](http://www.normes-donnees-tc.org/format-dechange/donnees-theoriques/netex/)
* Create and edit transport data with a collaborative team workflow
* Be requested via a read-only [Restful API](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer)
* [Import, Export and Validate transport data asynchronously](http://github.com/afimb/chouette)
* Use a [multi-tenancy database](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multitenancy)

Chouette Core
------------

Chouette Core is the developer version of Chouette open source project. Use this projet to fork and maintain your own Chouette project.

**Chouette Core is under construction**, contact [af83 Choutte team](mailto:chouette-dev@af83.com) if you have any question.

Requirements
------------

* [Import, Export and Validation Operations](https://github.com/af83/chouette-core-iev) are in the Java part of the project

More Information
----------------

Some technical articles are available [on the wiki](../../wiki) too.

License
-------

This project is licensed under the CeCILL-B license, a copy of which can be found in the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.md) file.

Support
-------

Contact [af83 Choutte team](mailto:chouette-dev@af83.com) to know how to contribute to the Chouette project
